now it came to pass in the days of a has
now it came to pass in the days of a has the son of Jotham the son of Isaiah king
the son of Jotham the son of Isaiah king
the son of Jotham the son of Isaiah king of Judah that reason king of Syria and
of Judah that reason king of Syria and
of Judah that reason king of Syria and pika the son of ramilya
pika the son of ramilya
pika the son of ramilya king of Israel went up to Jerusalem to
king of Israel went up to Jerusalem to
king of Israel went up to Jerusalem to make war against it but could not
make war against it but could not
make war against it but could not prevail against it and it was told to
prevail against it and it was told to
prevail against it and it was told to the house of David saying Syria's forces
the house of David saying Syria's forces
the house of David saying Syria's forces are deployed in ephraim so his heart and
are deployed in ephraim so his heart and
are deployed in ephraim so his heart and the heart of his people were moved as
the heart of his people were moved as
the heart of his people were moved as the trees of the woods are moved with
the trees of the woods are moved with
the trees of the woods are moved with the wind then the Lord said to Isaiah go
the wind then the Lord said to Isaiah go
the wind then the Lord said to Isaiah go out now to meet a has you and Shia Jacob
out now to meet a has you and Shia Jacob
out now to meet a has you and Shia Jacob your son at the end of the aqueduct from
your son at the end of the aqueduct from
your son at the end of the aqueduct from the upper pool on the highway to the
the upper pool on the highway to the
the upper pool on the highway to the fullest field and say to him you take
fullest field and say to him you take
fullest field and say to him you take heed and be quiet do not fear or be
heed and be quiet do not fear or be
heed and be quiet do not fear or be faint-hearted for these two stubs of
faint-hearted for these two stubs of
faint-hearted for these two stubs of smoking firebrands for the fierce anger
smoking firebrands for the fierce anger
smoking firebrands for the fierce anger of reason and syria and the son of ram
of reason and syria and the son of ram
of reason and syria and the son of ram Alaia
Alaia
Alaia because syria 'iframe and the son of
because syria 'iframe and the son of
because syria 'iframe and the son of ramilya have plotted evil against you
ramilya have plotted evil against you
ramilya have plotted evil against you saying let us go up against judah and
saying let us go up against judah and
saying let us go up against judah and trouble it and let us make a gap in its
trouble it and let us make a gap in its
trouble it and let us make a gap in its wall for ourselves and set a king over
wall for ourselves and set a king over
wall for ourselves and set a king over them
them
them the son of table it shall not stand nor
the son of table it shall not stand nor
the son of table it shall not stand nor shall it come to pass for the head of
shall it come to pass for the head of
shall it come to pass for the head of Syria is Damascus and the head of
Syria is Damascus and the head of
Syria is Damascus and the head of Damascus is reasoned within 65 years
Damascus is reasoned within 65 years
Damascus is reasoned within 65 years ephraim will be broken so that it will
ephraim will be broken so that it will
ephraim will be broken so that it will not be a people the head of Ephraim is
not be a people the head of Ephraim is
not be a people the head of Ephraim is Samaria and the head of Samaria is
Samaria and the head of Samaria is
Samaria and the head of Samaria is Ramallah
Ramallah
Ramallah son if you will not believe surely you
son if you will not believe surely you
son if you will not believe surely you shall not be established moreover the
shall not be established moreover the
shall not be established moreover the Lord spoke again to a has asked a sign
Lord spoke again to a has asked a sign
Lord spoke again to a has asked a sign for yourself from the Lord your God ask
for yourself from the Lord your God ask
for yourself from the Lord your God ask it either in the depth or in the height
it either in the depth or in the height
it either in the depth or in the height above but a has said I will not ask nor
above but a has said I will not ask nor
above but a has said I will not ask nor will I test the Lord here now o house of
will I test the Lord here now o house of
will I test the Lord here now o house of David is it a small thing for you to
David is it a small thing for you to
David is it a small thing for you to weary men but you will weary my God also
weary men but you will weary my God also
weary men but you will weary my God also therefore the Lord Himself will give you
therefore the Lord Himself will give you
therefore the Lord Himself will give you a sign behold the virgin shall conceive
a sign behold the virgin shall conceive
a sign behold the virgin shall conceive and bear a son and shall call his name
and bear a son and shall call his name
and bear a son and shall call his name Immanuel curds and honey he shall eat
Immanuel curds and honey he shall eat
Immanuel curds and honey he shall eat that he may know to refuse the evil and
that he may know to refuse the evil and
that he may know to refuse the evil and choose the good for before the child
choose the good for before the child
choose the good for before the child shall know to refuse the evil and choose
shall know to refuse the evil and choose
shall know to refuse the evil and choose the good the land that you dread will be
the good the land that you dread will be
the good the land that you dread will be forsaken by both her kings the Lord will
forsaken by both her kings the Lord will
forsaken by both her kings the Lord will bring the king of Assyria upon you and
bring the king of Assyria upon you and
bring the king of Assyria upon you and your people and your father's house days
your people and your father's house days
your people and your father's house days that have not come since the day that
that have not come since the day that
that have not come since the day that ephraim departed from judah and it shall
ephraim departed from judah and it shall
ephraim departed from judah and it shall come to pass in that day that the Lord
come to pass in that day that the Lord
come to pass in that day that the Lord will whistle for the fly that is in the
will whistle for the fly that is in the
will whistle for the fly that is in the farthest part of the rivers of Egypt and
farthest part of the rivers of Egypt and
farthest part of the rivers of Egypt and for the bee that is in the land of
for the bee that is in the land of
for the bee that is in the land of Assyria they will come and all of them
Assyria they will come and all of them
Assyria they will come and all of them will rest in the desolate valleys and in
will rest in the desolate valleys and in
will rest in the desolate valleys and in the clefts of the rocks and on all
the clefts of the rocks and on all
the clefts of the rocks and on all thorns and in all pastures in the same
thorns and in all pastures in the same
thorns and in all pastures in the same day
day
day Lord will shave with a hired razor with
Lord will shave with a hired razor with
Lord will shave with a hired razor with those from beyond the river with the
those from beyond the river with the
those from beyond the river with the king of Assyria the head and the hair of
king of Assyria the head and the hair of
king of Assyria the head and the hair of the legs and will also remove the beard
the legs and will also remove the beard
the legs and will also remove the beard it shall be in that day that a man will
it shall be in that day that a man will
it shall be in that day that a man will keep alive a young cow and two sheep so
keep alive a young cow and two sheep so
keep alive a young cow and two sheep so it shall be from the abundance of milk
it shall be from the abundance of milk
it shall be from the abundance of milk they give that he will eat curds four
they give that he will eat curds four
they give that he will eat curds four curds and honey every one will eat who
curds and honey every one will eat who
curds and honey every one will eat who is left in the land it shall happen in
is left in the land it shall happen in
is left in the land it shall happen in that day that wherever there could be a
that day that wherever there could be a
that day that wherever there could be a thousand vines worth a thousand shekels
thousand vines worth a thousand shekels
thousand vines worth a thousand shekels of silver it will be for briars and
of silver it will be for briars and
of silver it will be for briars and thorns with arrows and bows men will
thorns with arrows and bows men will
thorns with arrows and bows men will come there because all the land will
come there because all the land will
come there because all the land will become briars and thorns and to any Hill
become briars and thorns and to any Hill
become briars and thorns and to any Hill which could be dug with the hoe you will
which could be dug with the hoe you will
which could be dug with the hoe you will not go there for fear of briars and
not go there for fear of briars and
not go there for fear of briars and thorns but it will become a range for
thorns but it will become a range for
thorns but it will become a range for oxen and a place for sheep to roam